fix(sessions): :pencil2: edits to working with files session (#153)
rostools/github-intro: sessions/working-with-files.qmd

## :book: Reading task: Naming of files and folders

::: {.callout-note collapse="true"}
## :teacher: Teacher note

> Emphasise mainly not to use spaces in file names and *why*, not to use
> special characters and *why*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emphasise mainly not to use spaces in file names and *why*, not to use
special characters and *why*, and to remember file extensions and *why*.
```
I’ve seen a couple of people forgetting this when e.g., renaming images.

    the file or folder. For example, instead of naming a file
    `file1.md`, name it `data-analysis-results.md`.
-   **Use lowercase letters**: Filenames are case-sensitive on some
    operating systems, so it is a good practice to always use lowercase
    letters when naming files and folders to avoid confusion.
-   **Use hyphens or underscores**: If you need to separate words in a
    filename, use hyphens (`-`) or underscores (`_`) instead of spaces.
    For example, instead of `data analysis results.md`, use

>     `data-analysis-results.md` or `data_analysis_results.md`. Spaces can
>     introduce different issues in some situations and contexts, so it's
>     best to avoid them altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `data-analysis-results.md` or `data_analysis_results.md`. Spaces can
    introduce different issues in some situations and contexts. For example, different operating systems (Windows, Mac, Linux, etc.) handle spaces differently, so transferring files with spaces in their names between systems can lead to issues.  Therefore, it’s best to avoid them altogether. 
```
